The tender arrived back at the Vinland Majesty, and crewmen arrived to lower the lifting chains. Willard and White attached them to the small boat, and then it was winched back to the Promenade. The six people aboard climbed off, and then the winches raised the tender back up to its storage position against the hull of the huge liner, sea water dripping from its hull.

The Captain was there to greet them. "Alan, I'm so sorry."

"I'll get them," the Second Officer promised, his eyes hard with pain and grief. "I promised his father I'd look after him. I'll chase those bastards to the ends of the Earth."

"Leave it to the authorities," Tennyson advised him. "Let them handle it."

"There are no bloody authorities," Fielding spat back. "We only found these."

He took the phone from his pocket and showed the Captain the videos he'd taken of the paleomastodons and the giant rhino creatures. Another part of the video showed the landscape surrounding them as the Second Officer had turned the camera around himself to record a panoramic image. It showed only a primordial landscape of grass, trees and giant beasts. There wasn't a single hint of human existence to be seen.

"It could still be some kind of private estate," said Tennyson hopefully. "The grounds of some eccentric billionaire's nature reserve."

"On the coast?" said Fielding. "And the size it would have to be... How long were we following the coast yesterday, looking or signs of habitation?"

The Captain nodded unhappily. "So we're gradually being forced to the conclusion that we're somehow on a world that's totally without human life," he said.

"Willard thinks we've gone back in time," said Fielding numbly. "The scientists say twenty or thirty million years."

"We can put the hows and whys on the back burner for now," said Tennyson, though. "Right now, we have to face some practical problems, like how we're going to feed five thousand people. I'm holding a meeting in the Orchid room in an hour. I want you there."

"I'll be there," the Second Officer told him. "We can talk about how we're going to find Harry's killers."

The Captain looked over at where Conrad and Agnes were showing the videos on their phones to the crewmen who'd stowed the tender. The crewmen were staring in shock and amazement. "Can you email that to me?" one of them asked.

"Sure," Conrad replied.

Soon, those images would be all over the ship, Tennyson knew. Everyone aboard would have seen them. The passengers would have questions, and he'd damn better have answers. He turned back to Fielding. "Make sure those two are at the meeting as well," he said.

"Do they have any experience hunting killers?"

"Alan, I know how you feel..."

"No you bloody don't."

Fielding nodded seriously. "You're right, I don't, but if what you're telling me is true, Harry's killers have just marooned themselves on an uninhabited continent filled with prehistoric monsters. Maybe the local wildlife will do the job for us."

"I don't intend to leave it up to chance," Fielding told him. "I'm going after them, Dave. I want to see their bodies, and if the local wildlife hasn't done the job, then I will."

"I can't condone murder," said the Captain, frowning. "Someone else should go. Someone who's not emotionally invested..."

"I'm going, Dave," Fielding insisted. "You'll have to throw me in the brig to stop me."

"If necessary," said Tennyson, but the look of absolute determination on the other man's face gave him pause. "If you go, you'll take a team of men with you. I won't let you go charging off alone. Personally, I would just leave them out there. How long can two men, without supplies and equipment, last out there?"

"I don't intend to find out."

"And we bring them back alive, if at all possible. We're not going to just execute them on sight."

"That's down to them," the Second Officer told him.

"Well, for now, go get some rest. We'll talk again later. And Alan, if there's anything you need..."

Fielding nodded and walked away down the corridor, towards the stairs down to the crew levels. Nearby, other members of the crew were still staring in amazement at the video footage. The Captain watched them for a moment, amazed at the creatures he saw on the phone screens, and then he turned and marched to the closest door back inside, turning desperate strategies for survival over in his mind..
